[Music]
the psp was no stranger to first person
shooters and although the limited
control setup
often resulted in most of them feeling
subpar resistance retribution was a cut
above the rest and proved that a solid
first person adventure was possible on
the hardware
the main aspect of the experience that
stood out were the visuals
and the series had always been well
known for its graphical prowess so the
first handheld outing was no exception
each battlefield springs to life with an
array of special effects and enemies
that occupy each area
it results in each encounter feeling
just as engaging as the last and manages
to add a real weight to each gunfight
on top of this are the incredible
character models that also possess a
wide range of facial animations
because of this the narrative is
delivered in a much more believable way
and helps the story that is told
excel in many ways most of it is
portrayed through the in-game engine and
helps
every aspect of the visual shine it
really is an amazing campaign
and by the time you throw in the solid
gameplay and balanced maps you've got
one hell of a package
if you're a psp owner you owe it to
yourself to pick up this game if you
don't have a psp you simply need to find
a way to play it as it delivers a true
console experience right in the palm of
your hands
the kingdom heart series has always been
a bit of a looker ever since its first
iteration on the ps2
square and disney's lovable matter has
always impressed the psp altum carries
on this tradition and presents one of
the best entries in the franchise that
can be enjoyed
right in the palm of your hands it takes
on a sort of cartoonish aesthetic that
lends the adventure a truly playful
nature
and helps the visual aspect of the
experience shine much like the other
games you'll find yourself visiting a
whole range of worlds that are all
inspired by disney's backlog with each
and every one of them
bursting to life on the handheld screen
and although just looking at it running
is impressive enough
actually playing is even better each
attack and ability are presented in
style and add a real weight to each
encounter
and as fans of the series will know
kingdom hearts is incredibly story heavy
and birth by sleep does
not skirt this aspect of the games a
slew of cutscenes are present and
all play out in truly cinematic fashion
and that's just the in-game cutscenes
once you add in the range of fmv
sequences as well what you have is one
of the most cinematic adventures
available on the psp
midnight club la remix has to be one of
the most impressive games on the psp
mainly because of the open-ended nature
of the experience most racing games
present a series of tracks for the
player to race upon but la remix instead
offers an entire city as your playground
when you're not participating in an
event you'll find yourself
navigating the city at your own pace and
taking in everything rockstar managed to
cram into the overall play space but it
doesn't stop there the psp vision even
throws in
an entire second city for you to explore
seeing it up and running on a handheld
device is a real accomplishment and it's
not only the environments that receive
this level of detail
each car is just as lovingly crafted as
the world and thanks to the insane
amount of customization
present within the game you'll be able
to express yourself in an endless amount
of ways the vehicles represent their
real-life counterparts in a truly
believable fashion and will be instantly
recognizable to phantom motorsport
although it's only running at 30 fps it
is still one of the more impressive
looking games on the handheld even to
this day
the metal gear solid series has always
been at the front of visual design and
although peacewalker is running on
portable hardware it still manages to
create one of the most detailed and
impressive experiences in the franchise
the events of the game see you visiting
a wide range of locations
from the dense jungles of costa rica to
the dusty deserts and underground bases
located there as well each of them not
only impressed from a gameplay
perspective
by providing new and interesting ways to
interact with enemies but from a visual
standpoint as well
like past entries most of the story is
told through cutscenes and although the
main style has changed to a somewhat
comic book approach instead there are
some that use the in-game engine and
they look
absolutely incredible on the handheld
device the level of detail present in
each of the characters are sometimes on
par with games you would see on the home
console and go a long way improving how
capable the psp was
when in the hands of the right
developers during gameplay everything
plays out in a smooth and fluid fashion
with each of the animations bringing
life to the on-screen action from
impressive explosions to enemy mechs
that filled the entire screen
seeing it all running in the palm of
your hands was incredible back in the
day and still manages to impress now
much like the games that came before it
peace walker carried on the quality you
would expect from the series
and fully excelled at what it's set out
to do as many of you already know i'm a
huge fan of the ridge raider series and
the second release on the psp has to be
my favorite out of the entire franchise
right back to the originals on the ps1
the series has always been a bit of a
looker it is an absolute
technical marvel on the psp it presents
itself in a solid 60 frames per second
with each of the cars possessing a
generous amount of detail that really
helps the on-screen racing burst to life
as with most games in the series a ton
of different locations the race are
included with each of them having their
own identity with each of them having
their own identity which is implemented
masterfully from the sun-drent skies of
an evening sunset to the neon accents in
the city at night it's enough to take
your breath away ridge racer 2 looks
like it definitely was punching above
the psp's graphical weight
it all comes together and results in one
of the best looking racing games the
handheld has to offer
and to have the game looking as stunning
as it does it's a remarkable achievement
on the original hardware
the tekken series has always been a huge
part of the playstation brand it kept
pushing the boundaries of what is
possible within the 3d fighting genre
and the fifa 10 was no exception to this
rule
quite like previous entries in the
series the character models are front
and center
and possess a level of detail unlike any
other handheld fighter
each of them are lovingly designed and
presented which only complements the
beautiful way in which they are animated
carrying out moves and special attacks
during each encounter feels
accidentally smooth and lends a real
sense of realism to each fight the
lighting and particle effects are cut
above the rest as well as a few
environmental touches such as wind and
weather effects that all react with
what's going on during the fight
seeing it play out on the handheld
device was a real sight to behold back
in the day and it still manages to
impress
even now if there's one area that needs
special notes it has to be the arenas
the sheer diversity of them is
outstanding
and with several interactive elements as
well they are some of the most
impressive to ever come out of the
series if you're at all a fan of the
franchise
tekken 5 is a good option when it comes
to looking for a solid handheld fighter
the psp was no stranger to quality
action rpgs and the final fantasy 7
spin-off crisis core
represents the best of the bunch from a
visual standpoint the series has always
been on the cutting edge and constantly
pushed what is possible on the hardware
and crisis code does not disappoint the
first thing many players will notice
is the quality of the in-game character
models which at times can look on par
with some of square's work on home
consoles
matching this to the diverse
environments you'll be visiting
throughout the course of the adventure
from the slums of midgar to the open
fields of the countryside crisis core
constantly throws around its graphical
might and style and this is truly
apparent once in battle as with most
games in the series you have a ton of
abilities at your disposal and each of
them
are meticulously animated and carried
out the action screams to life on the
handheld screen with every flame and
swing of your sword adding to the
intense nature of each encounter
on top of all this in true final fantasy
fashion the
experience is littered with several fmv
sequences that are absolutely stunning
much like the animated movie advent
children each story beat is depicted in
a glorious way and does nothing but add
to the overall quality of the game
if you still haven't got around to
playing this one for yourself i highly
recommend that you do
obscure is a horror game that revolves
around the group of students
as they deal with an ever-growing threat
emanating from their school
it's the second in the series and much
like the original the visuals are the
standout aspect of the entire experience
the game is quite impressive and the
level of detail it displays is something
not often seen on a handheld device the
first thing that jumps out is each
location that offers plenty to look at
while you explore
each of them from the busy school
corridors to each and every room that is
packed with impeccable detail
a ton of effects are used as well from
the fog that clouds most environments to
the lighting effects that bleed through
the open windows it all helps the world
feel like a real unbelievable place for
the events to play out in
adding to this are the characters that
really come to life during the various
cutscenes that are dotted throughout the
journey they often feel on par with the
original that was released on the ps2
and showcased what the psp was truly
capable of
of course all of this graphical prowess
comes at a price and the main one being
that of an insane amount of battery
drain that'll bring playtime down to
around two hours but the gameplay and
visual presentation
more than make up for this shortcoming
and in my eyes propel obscure into one
of the finest games on the system
[Music]
as much as i would have preferred a more
traditional continuation of the parasite
eve series there is no denying that from
a visual perspective the third birthday
is an impressive feat on the psp the
first aspect that will strike many is
the sheer scope and level of detail
present throughout the adventure instead
of the pre-rendered backgrounds of old
the game is now presented in full 3d
and although it loses a lot of the charm
that made the original so great
it does carve out its own path one
aspect that impresses the most are the
intricately detailed environments they
depict a decaying city that has been
overrun by other worldly monsters and
helps betray the events of the story in
a much more believable manner adding to
this are the character models that bring
a life not only to the script but
each and every situation you find
yourself presented with as well as the
diverse set of enemies that at times
tower over the player and make for some
of the game's most engaging set pieces
the pulsing gunplay adds another
dimension to the gameplay and looks
absolutely sublime from a visual
standpoint
as you carve through each and every
obstacle blocking your path
naturally much like their other games
square included a whole range of fmv
movies as well
that helped flesh out the narrative and
make the third birthday a truly
cinematic experience
the first thing you'll notice upon
booting up ghost of sparta is the sheer
quality of the game's visuals
the psp was always positioned as a
handheld capable of producing
experiences on par with the home
consoles and it is here with god of war
that this soon becomes apparent ghost of
sparta
is a gorgeous george wrapping game it's
no surprise either as it released
towards the end of the psp's life so
already at dawn pulled out all of the
stops when it comes to the visuals
present in the game
rain wind and fire effects are
spectacular as well as each and every
character model that possesses a level
not often seen on the system but perhaps
the most impressive aspect is the
environmental design and the true sense
of scale it manages to betray
kratos will travel through over and
around some absolutely
gigantic areas and each time you'll want
to take a second
just to marvel at how amazing the
surroundings look matching all of this
are the buttery smooth animations that
feel incredibly responsive and tight
you'll be taken out wave after wave of
enemies in style thanks to the generous
amount of abilities the game provides
you it really does make the combat the
true star of the show and cements ghost
of sparta as one of the most
impressive titles on the system well
that does it for today's video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on new videos and as always
thanks for taking the time to watch the
video i will catch you next time
[Music]
you